Now that we have the full flow working from the context into the checkout screen.
The next logical step is to start building some UI and in order for us to do that, we need to figure
out what exactly we want to show.
So first of all, I want to handle some Aristide state if we do not have a cart or we do not have a
restaurant.
What are we going to show, right?
What are we going to show?
We don't have anything at all right now to showcase.
If I refresh the app here, while I'm not persisting, the cart might just yet, we haven't built that
functionality yet.
So if I go to checkout.
I'm not rendering anything, and so what I want us to build here is kind of like a screen that's going
to handle users not being able to see anything.
So we're going to do a safe area in that safe area.
We're going to have something called a cart icon content.
So we're going to start building out hypothetical components that that aren't there yet.
Right.
We're going to have some kind of cart icon container.
And then inside of that cart icon container, we're going to have the cart icon.
And that's going to take in an icon of cart off, so that's that's an icon that's going to showcase
like an empty cart of sorts.
And we're going to put in some text saying your cart is empty exclamation.
Now, the text isn't going to come from our typical text right here from Riak native, no, no, we're
going to get our text from our actual text component.
So the same way we implemented the safe area, we're going to go to component's.
We're going to go to typography text.
And pulling our tax component.
The same is true for our spacer because we're going to end up needing that down the line.
So let's let's go ahead.
And just important right now.
It's always nice to have it here.
And so while icon and icon container are two things we don't quite have yet, so let's go ahead and
say import kaat icon, container and card icon.
But where are we importing them from?
We don't have anything yet.
Well, we're going to import them from a file called Thought Components, and we're going to create
a file called checkout dot style, and this file is going to contain these two components.
So if we go over here into components, we'll create a file called checkout dot styles.
And this is where we will be building out these two components.
So how do we build them out in that case?
Well, first of all, let's let's, first of all, export them.
Right.
So let's put them here.
And first of all, let's just say that export const kaat icon and export consed write the card icon
container.
Let's just quickly put them to null.
To enable the ability for us to expose them, let's import react from react and what we'll see here
is basically nothing at all.
Except we should be seeing right here the text, your card is empty, but we're returning null.
And this is the container.
So that's why we're not seeing anything, really.
OK, so what is this going to look like?
Well, our cart icon container is not going to come from react.
Rather, we're going to import style from styled components, slash native.
And then what we're going to do with style is we're going to build out a component here.
We're going to say that our card I can't icon container is going to be a styled dot view and that's
going to have a particular style markup.
We're going to align items center.
And then what we're going to do is justify the content to the center.
And we're going to say flex one.
And by doing that, we can see now your cart is empty and it's being sent.
OK, so now that we have that, what is our cart icon going to do?
That's a good question.
We're going to import something called Avatar.
From React native native paper.
And this is going to enable us to render out a icon, so what we're going to say is that the cart icon
is going to be styled of Avatar thought icon, and then we're going to give it particular attributes
that it's going to fulfill from the beginning.
If we go look at checkout here.
Right.
It's fulfilling the cart icon already.
It's a bit small, though.
So what we're going to say is that the size is going to be one twenty eight by default.
And there we go.
Just like that.
We've handled our cart empty state.
Right.
But this purple, this isn't our primary brand color.
So one more thing that I wanted to do over here is we can set the background color of this and we can
say that the background color should come from props and we can say props that background or and then
we'll say props start theme colors dot brand but primary.
And by doing this, we can either take it from the background property or from the colors, the colors,
the brand, the primer, and so right now it's set the blue.
So we're doing kind of a fallback here, a fallback scenario.
We're saying either take the props background property or take props that female colors around the primary.
Now, why do I need this background here?
Well, let's just say if I wanted to make this red, if I wanted to say do big red, now it's going
to take this as the first I can make it yellow.
I could make it green.
I can make it all types of different colors.
And so the whole point here is that you have the ability to override the icon background color in a
nice way externally through the proper interface.
And so by doing this now, we've implemented the ability to handle the cart empty scenario.
But what about when we have items actually in our cart?
Well, right now we're not really handling that at all.
It kind of looks like a bunch of text on the screen.
So let's go take a look at how we can make that look a bit nicer.